Add Tutor Op & Dev Quickstarts (#1147)
openedx/docs.openedx.org: source/site_ops/quickstarts/tutor_quickstart_ops.rst

   Also, it is helpful to first watch the video on the :ref:`Tutor Concept
   (Operator)` page before embarking on your Tutor journey.   

.. admonition:: Which version of Tutor to use?

   Find out what the latest release of Tutor is, and ensure you are using that
   version. The Open edX project only supports one release at a time, so running
   an older release will mean you don't have the latest features, bugfixes, and
   security fixes.

   See the `versioning section of the Tutor docs <https://docs.tutor.edly.io/tutor.html#versioning>`_
   for more about versioning. The `releases section of the Tutor docs <https://docs.tutor.edly.io/install.html#running-older-releases-of-open-edx>`_
   will show which version is the latest. You can also check out the
   `Open edX Releases Homepage <https://openedx.atlassian.net/wiki/spaces/OEPM/pages/4191191044/Open+edX+Releases+Homepage>`_
   to learn more about the latest and upcoming Open edX release.

#. Follow the `instructions for installing Tutor`_.

#. Next, review the `common Tutor tasks
   <https://docs.tutor.edly.io/local.html#common-tasks>`_ for commands used to

>    create superusers, importing the Demo course, and setting themes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   create superusers, import the "Open edX Demo Course", and set themes.
```

Congratulations! You are now running Tutor, on the latest named release.

.. seealso::

   :ref:`Tutor Concept (Operator)`

   :ref:`Site Operator QS`

>    `instructions for installing Tutor`_
> 
> 
> .. _instructions for installing Tutor: https://docs.tutor.edly.io/install.html

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   `Instructions for installing Tutor`_

.. _Instructions for installing Tutor: https://docs.tutor.edly.io/install.html
```
